Telegraf v1.35.0 (#6143)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/telegraf/v1/release-notes.md

- `azuredb` and `query_version` of `inputs.sqlserver` in [#17112](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/17112)
- `parse_data_dog_tags` and `udp_packet_size` of `inputs.statsd` in [#17171](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/17171)
- `force_discover_on_init` of `inputs.vsphere` in [#17169](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/17169)
- `database`, `precision`, `retention_policy` and `url` of `outputs.amqp` in [#16950](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/16950)
- `precision` of `outputs.influxdb` in [#17160](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/17160)
- `partitionkey` and `use_random_partitionkey` of `outputs.kinesis` in [#17167](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/17167)
- `source_tag` of `outputs.librato` in [#17174](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/17174)
- `batch` and `topic_prefix` of `outputs.mqtt` in [#17176](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/17176)
- `trace` of `outputs.remotefile` in [#17173](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/17173)
- `host`, `port` and `string_to_number` of `outputs.wavefront` in [#17172](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/17172)

> Replacements do exist, so please migrate your configuration in case you are
> still using one of those plugins or options. The `telegraf config migrate`
> command might be able to assist with the procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using deprecated Telegraf plugins or options, migrate your configuration to use the available replacements.
The `telegraf config migrate` command might be able to help with the migration.
```
